#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#
aiohttp==3.8.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
alembic==1.13.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
argcomplete==3.1.6
    # via commitizen
asgi-correlation-id==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   asyncpg
asyncpg==0.29.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
black==23.11.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
bump2version==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   commitizen
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   commitizen
    #   pytest-watch
commitizen==3.29.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
coverage[toml]==7.6.1
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==41.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jwcrypto
decli==0.6.2
    # via commitizen
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jwcrypto
docopt==0.6.2
    # via pytest-watch
ecs-logging==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elastic-apm
elastic-apm==6.23.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
fastapi==0.104.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
fastapi-pagination==0.12.27
    # via -r requirements.txt
freezegun==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
httpx==0.27.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via commitizen
jwcrypto==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
mako==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
mock==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   commitizen
    #   pytest
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
platformdirs==4.3.2
    # via black
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via questionary
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==1.10.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-pagination
pytest==8.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-anything
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-env
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-watch
pytest-anything==0.1.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-asyncio==0.21.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-env==1.1.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-mock==3.12.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-watch==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   freezegun
python-decouple==3.8
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytz==2024.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   commitizen
questionary==2.0.1
    # via commitizen
requests==2.31.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
sqlalchemy[asyncio]==2.0.34
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
starlette==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   asgi-correlation-id
    #   fastapi
structlog==24.4.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via commitizen
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via commitizen
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-pagination
    #   pydantic
    #   sqlalchemy
urllib3==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.23.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
watchdog==5.0.2
    # via pytest-watch
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   deprecated
    #   elastic-apm
yarl==1.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
